Fix json decode error for users using simplejson instead of built-in json (#1923)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.59.1] - 2024-09-12
### Fixed

> - JSONDecodeError can no longer be raised in environemnts where simplejson is used instead of built-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSONDecodeError can no longer be raised in environments where simplejson is used instead of built-in json.
```
